OSDOCS-16948#CQA work Stor4 - vSphere CSI driver (#114546)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-csi-vsphere-overview.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * storage/container_storage_interface/persistent-storage-csi-vsphere.adoc
//

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="persistent-storage-csi-vsphere-overview_{context}"]

> = Overview

Reviewer: Not compliant

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * storage/container_storage_interface/persistent-storage-csi-vsphere.adoc
//

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="persistent-storage-csi-vsphere-overview_{context}"]
= Overview of vSphere CSI Driver Operator

[role="_abstract"]
{product-title} can provision persistent volumes (PVs) using the Container Storage Interface (CSI) VMware vSphere driver for Virtual Machine Disk (VMDK) volumes.

Familiarity with persistent storage and configuring CSI volumes is recommended when working with a CSI Operator and driver. For more information, see "Understanding persistent volumes" and "Configuring CSI volumes".

To create CSI-provisioned persistent volumes (PVs) that mount to vSphere storage assets, {product-title} installs the vSphere CSI Driver Operator and the vSphere CSI driver by default in the `openshift-cluster-csi-drivers` namespace.

vSphere CSI Driver Operator:: 

> The Operator provides a storage class, called `thin-csi`, that you can use to create persistent volumes claims (PVCs). The vSphere CSI Driver Operator supports dynamic volume provisioning by allowing storage volumes to be created on-demand, eliminating the need for cluster administrators to pre-provision storage. You can disable this default storage class if desired (see "Managing the default storage class").

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Operator provides a storage class, called `thin-csi`, that you can use to create persistent volume claims (PVCs). The vSphere CSI Driver Operator supports dynamic volume provisioning by allowing storage volumes to be created on-demand, eliminating the need for cluster administrators to pre-provision storage. You can disable this default storage class if desired (see "Managing the default storage class").
```

vSphere CSI driver:: 

> The driver enables you to create and mount vSphere PVs. In {product-title} 4.20, the driver version is 3.6.0 The vSphere CSI driver supports all of the file systems supported by the underlying Red Hat Core operating system release, including XFS and Ext4. For more information about supported file systems, see "Overview of available file systems".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The driver enables you to create and mount vSphere PVs. In {product-title} 4.20, the driver version is 3.6.0. The vSphere CSI driver supports all of the file systems supported by the underlying {op-system-first} release, including XFS and Ext4. For more information about supported file systems, see "Overview of available file systems".
```
